Few positive aspects of online shopping:
1). First and foremost it is the best, easiest and safest shopping in the history. Even at midnight we can do our shopping since it is open 24×7 days and perhaps you can purchase any item from online store without going to the store physically.
2).With the increase price for fuel physical travel to store with family would be little expensive. So it is affordable and convenient to do shopping online. And moreover we need not have to wait in heavy traffic to reach the store in our area.
3). We need not have to worry about the climate anymore, as we do shopping by sitting in our house, rain or storm is not going to affect our shopping.
4). We can purchase the required items in an affordable rate. Since there are a lot of online shopping malls over internet, we are given a lot of choice in choosing the best price from various shops and moreover some companies do provide free shipping which furthermore reduces our purchasing cost. Some online companies even provide free coupons and rebates to attract the customers which are furthermore useful for us to purchase in more affordable way.
5). We can access many product say from pin to car from different manufacturers in one place which helps us to choose the best one among many products. So companies offer product reviews where the customers post their review about the product which helps us to analyze the product.
6). This shopping helps us in keeping our friends and family together all the time, by sending special gifts on behalf of us that ranges from flowers to perfumes, from chocolate to jewellery items, etc, on their special occasions even if we are far away from them.
7). With one online shopping mall we could buy all types of items ranging from kitchen equipments to beauty items, from garden equipments to outdoor equipments, from clothing to jewellery items, etc,. We need not have to search many companies online, each online shopping malls will have thousands of categories inside them itself.
8). We can go through their guarantees, warranties, and other information’s relating to the product online which helps us to decide whether the product is worthy buying. We can also read their privacy statements to know how the personal information of consumers will be used. This will furthermore helps us in recognizing the companies products whether they are real or fake

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



The main advantage of online shopping is that it allows people to browse through many items and categories without departing their house, to compare the costs of as many shops as they want, also to order as many products as they can afford and never have to worry about how they may transport them, because the online shopping websites also provide the things to the buyer’s home. Furthermore, the Internet is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, which means you don’t have to hurry or worry about finding a car parking spot.

Most of the online shopping websites have the same pattern, firstly you choose the category under which your item is listed, and then you can select the product that you’re looking for, as well as add it to your shopping trolley. If you want to buy other items, you click the “add in order to cart” button near all of them, and when you’re finished you check out. Then you’re able to see a list with everything that you’ve ordered, and the total amount that has to be paid. You can also remove items from your shopping cart if you need to do so. Payment is usually done by credit card. The buyer enters the data on the credit card and the store charges the price and then delivers the items to the buyer’s house in a few days. The transaction is actually perfectly safe and the credit card data you send is encrypted so it can’t be stolen. After you’ve done some online shopping you will see how easy it’s and you’ll quickly get accustomed to it. Soon you will be aware what the best shopping web sites are and you will be in a position to buy the things you need super easy and fast, conserving a lot of time and trouble. Online shopping is the most practical, affordable and fun approach to shopping, that is perfect for everybody.

Online shopping can reduce expenses in a variety of ways, which could translate to lower prices for you. In fact, 1 2004 study found online prices to be 6 to 16 % lower than offline costs. Many times, shoppers can save even further with an online discount or coupon code. Based on a 2005 Bizrate/Shopzilla report, 71 percent of online shoppers said these were able to find better low cost offers and sales online, when compared with shopping through a catalog or traditional retail vendor. Online retailers may issue a button or text link that will utilize an automatic savings for your order, or they might issue a specific promotion code to be entered from checkout.

Shopping is the most loved ladies’ pastime and best entertainment. It’s not only fun, pleasure and enjoyment, but it also helps when feeling stressed or miserable. It is the best treatment for almost any female sickness, it will help the self-confidence and most importantly — always always cheers up. However the behave of shopping itself is attached to the exhausting searching as well as approving of the trendy clothes, hot shoes or boutique purses. That’s probably one of the reasons for the bigger curiosity lately toward the actual online shopping. As much as I love heading from store to store enjoying gorgeous clothes and shoes, I must admit – online shopping has the highest degree of convenience.